and there, everyone , everything is good, giving
continuity to the series on
tips about 38 paint spray gun
I'm going to do one more general and
about some things that I left for
behind it, I did not mention it
previous tips on compressor there is that
I think I'm important to you when
Are you working with
everything's good there, fine
the first one the air line you go
come across a number of ways
here I have an example here in
Specialty shops are sure what you want
have to keep in mind when you go
buy a hose
it will serve to feed your
final equipment or finally be a part of
its line of area and beauty is between
compressor and an air filter and avoid
extension greater than 10 meters
and between the air filter and your
equipment using a bathtub
avoid a distance greater than five
meters is because I say that you have
accumulation of moisture and eventually the
air filter can not take all
humidity of the air and by me but that is your
drive unit and eventually it will
be with god year in a very hose
It is great until it reaches a point
may it hinder the moment in the moment
What do you want to do?
as far as you want to use a
spiral bath is advantageous when
you have your line filter between the
in a high place that you can
work with her more or less in this
position're here she comes from above and you
stretch it here beauty it's not cool
How are you with a filter?
the opposition accepts the connector so it is and
I see advantage in this hose here
when you are working in a local
close to your air filter from where you
you are connecting an equipment
painting is because I do not need to stay
Holding her, it's very obvious, I need
hold her 50 does not need to stay
holding very well have areas that I do not
I need to work with her always with
she stuck in the other hand beauty then she
becomes very useful in such cases there is a
way the bandits can have
notion much lighter than rubber
it's just a big advantage because
eventually this makes the weight together with
the state of culture is beautiful though if you
Will work in a very very place.
Big you 're going to have problems here.
because a point comes that you go
start having to force to pull
a guide and eventually you will not
getting settled is a place that you are
doing the application there then you have a
advantage or disadvantage of
rubber are much more flexible.
but they are heavier
you may have some difficulty there
with one or another good talking of the
sizing of the air gun
A lot of people still have doubts about this.
try a little more
information there to get you
choose to better scale the story
culture will have a production of air
it will have a flow of air liters per
me very normally he will have a
maximum working pressure and minimum
professional moment that's what this means
that is above consumption in a way
that you can use the paint is in the
best possible way
it's both the bigger you have you got
so you can enjoy the window
that the
culture that offers there is if you
works with a small maximum voucher you
You will not be able to work with some
materials in the paint gun because
because eventually the pressure but
It is always below the maximum it
You need the area ratio while
of art leaves paint option will also
always be on the edge there a little
below you in the scenario and maximum of
use of the paint gun against
to mp an investment fund
and today you totally rubber-
you will not be able to apply with
You art teacher, there's another one.
thing related to the guiding line you have
loss of pressure between a point
hose with the equipment and another
so watch out for that either.
you have to have a compressor there of 110
s ii 120 and wanted to make a line of
area and use the
90 s and 90 pounds there a tip and with 50
meters of hose and you will not have
right pressure right there